Week 1

The group was formed. I did some research on the topics and chose the film finder topic.
Then I did some study on which framework to use, and learned some basic knowledge about Vue, React, Flask and SQLite.
Finally I looked into the websites related to the topic like Netflix, RottenTomatos etc. and found some drawbacks.

Week 2

This week I worked mainly on the proposal.
I wrote part of the user stories about user: film critics.
I wrote the background part of the proposal.
I also learned some details about Flask so that I can have a better understanding of the software architecture.
Next week the proposal should be finished and we need to start working on the website now.

Week 3
This week our group confirmed the software architecture of the web application.
We will be using React as the front end, Flask as the back end and SQLite as the database.
I will mainly focus on the back end, using Flask and SQLite.
This week I fininshed drawing the software architecture diagram and the interface flow diagram.
I also provided several diagrams for the storyboards.
I learned some extra knowledge about how to connect Flask app to a database.
I am currently writing a program about inserting all the .csv data into the database.
Next week I will finish the program mentioned above, and finish writing the part where the Flask app can connect to the database.

Week 4
This week I did data cleanse on the dataset.
Then I imported the .csv file into the database, aka .db.
I am currently working on the searching part, which is mainly about SQL query.
I will also link the database to Flask app.
I will add the Sign Up/Log In function my group member wrote to Flask app.
This week and the following week I will mainly working on the demo.

Week 5
This week the group finished the demo.
I finished the search part, which contains two sub tasks: general search and advanced search.
General search is where you can type film name or director name and get results.
Advanced searcch is general search with more filter options.
I also combined the user database with my movie metadata database.
Next week I will be working on the film details page, and also studying on the recommendation system.
The recommendation system contains two parts, user-based and item-based filtering. Two members including me will focus on these tasks.

Week 6
We found out some severe problems in our database. The movie id column in ratings table does not match with the id in films table.
I rewrote a python script on intersecting the ids in both tables. Also I did some regex transform on poster path, so that frontend can easily get poster paths.
I also tried to write a item-based CF but the outcome was not very satisfying.
I will try to imporve the itemCF performance next week.

Week 7
This week I wrote the routes and backend functions about the film detailed page and user profile page.
I also wrote some simple view models for frontend to connect.

week 8
this week i finished the wishlist and blocklist part.
Wishlist part contains add films to wishlist, and view some users' wishlist, and do some modifications on the wishlist, for example, delete.
Blocklist part is basically the same as wishlist.
