Week 1

1. Project Group formed. 
2. I created the Jira & GitHub accounts and add my teammates to both platforms.
3. Read through the specs of all provided projects and decided the "FilmFinder" project during the lab session.
4. Discussed with other group members about the big picture of the project and possible design and technical tool to be used.
5. I Started writing a few user stories based on the project description and objectives.

Week 2

1. With the lecture content and other resources, I learned the basics of Jira backlog, sprints and git version control commands.
2. I briefly went over the proposal structure and marking criteria for my teammates in group chat and we had discussion about work breakdown.
3. I wrote 5-6 user stories and went through all others written by my teammates and we finalised our product backlog (with 1-2 things uncertain).
4. Discussed overall design and new features (outside the spec) for our movie website.
5. We basically decided the front-end and back-end development labor division.
6. Went over project proposal draft and interface diagram and added some comments. 

Week 3

1. More disccusion with team members about the design and features of our application.
2. Distributed work of writing the project proposal among our team.
3. Proofread the project proposal and made some slight changes before submission. 
4. We determined the scope of the first sprint, and I decide the first two tasks to do and mark them as "in progress" in Jira.
5. Assign each teammember a subtask to be compeleted before the first demo.

Week 4

1. Built the basics of our filmFinder website, i.e. Flask application setup, routes and their associated html files.
2. Used bootstrap classes and some CSS stylesheet to make the application interface looks better.
3. Used Flask-wtf to achieve the data travel between the form and backend logics.
4. Worked on the User register/login system and set up a site user database with Flask-SQLAlchemy.
5. Set up user authentification methods with user email and password encryption.

Week 5

1. Continue coding out the flask application left from week 4.
2. Prepare for this week's demo.
