Week 1 
1. Group formed. Create the team named "HDpp".
2. Join in the Jira team and discuss about the project spec and we finally vote for the project "FilmFinder".
3. search for some basic knowledge and function about Flask, React, Vue and build the corresponding environment on my machine.

Week 2
Proposal phrase.
1. Join in the Github classroom of my group and learn some basic command of Github by the lecture and lab. 
2. Review the proposal requirements and give them some tech support.
3. Write some of the user stories and set the Latex basic format for the proposal, summarize pro and drawbacks of exist movie website
and think about what could be improved and innovated in our project.
4. continue to learn relevant knowledge about frontend end and backend tools in order to process next steps and complete project.

Wee3
Proposal phrase and first sprint.
1. Distribute all of user stories to three sprints.
2. Complete proposal report, write the second part: users and sprints.
3. Integrate all the proposal part to a latex file, typesetting.
4. Search corresponding basic knowledge of Vue and React, building environment on my own machine.
5. Prepaid to Build website, interface and relevant frontend works.

week4
First sprint phrase.
1. Using React to build login/register pages.
2. Configure web routers.
3. Complete several html films.
4. First contact with front-end knowledge， continue to study knowledge relating to bootstrap, react, html and jQuery.
Current issue: API connection between frontend and backend.

Week 5
First sprint phrase and first demo.
1. Using html to build Multiple filtering, search pages, login/register.
2. Using bootstrap to Beautify the basic pages in first demo.

Week 6
Mid-term week, retrospective
1. Joint the retrospective meeting and submit problems of frontend in the process of first sprint
2. dicussed and set methods to improve the communication and efficiency for the frontend work.
3. Building search result pages, dealing with interfaces between backend and frontend
4. Applying bootsrap to beauity UI.

Week 7
Second sprint and second demo phrase.
1. Organized internal meetings and determined the respective division of each frondend members
2. The account page is completed, including adjusting the user name and password, and buttons like wishlist, 
blacklist and like are added to the page.
3. The main page plus the movie carousel picture increases the attractiveness of the page to users.
4. Use JS to complete the challenge of retaining search results.
to be continue...

Week 8
Second sprint and second demo phrase.
1. Make various styles of comment pages, including rating submission system (rating stars + rating form), 
black and follow buttons, comment delete buttons, etc.
2. Completed the wishlist and blocklist pages. The wishlist uses a movie tiled display, and the blocklist 
uses a table. The docking completes the addition of data on these two pages.
3. Edit and modify some parts of retrospective B meeting.
4. Complete all front-end and back-end handover interfaces to ensure the normal operation of the application.

Week 9
Final report and demo phrase.
1. Complete the new page:result page.
2. Re-modified and adjusted the style of wishlist page to solve the problem of excessively large pictures.
3.The recommendation system of the movie page has added the filter function.
4. Added the front-end interface and button of this function to ensure successful implementation
5.Completed all remaining front-end and back-end handover interfaces to ensure the normal operation of the application.
